com/example/stanza/MainActivity.java
 com.example.stanza.MainActivity
 com.example.stanza.MainActivity$1
com/example/stanza/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.stanza.BuildConfig
com/example/stanza/NotesProvider.java
 com.example.stanza.NotesProvider
com/example/stanza/Poem.java
 com.example.stanza.Poem
com/example/stanza/AccountCommThread.java
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$1
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$10
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$2
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$3
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$4
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$5
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$6
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$7
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$8
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommThread$9
com/example/stanza/DBOpen2.java
 com.example.stanza.DBOpen2
com/example/stanza/AccountCommInterface.java
 com.example.stanza.AccountCommInterface
com/example/stanza/UserPoemFragment.java
 com.example.stanza.UserPoemFragment
 com.example.stanza.UserPoemFragment$1
 com.example.stanza.UserPoemFragment$2
 com.example.stanza.UserPoemFragment$3
com/example/stanza/ItemTouchHelperAdapter.java
 com.example.stanza.ItemTouchHelperAdapter
com/example/stanza/EditPoemActivity.java
 com.example.stanza.EditPoemActivity
 com.example.stanza.EditPoemActivity$1
 com.example.stanza.EditPoemActivity$2
 com.example.stanza.EditPoemActivity$3
 com.example.stanza.EditPoemActivity$4
 com.example.stanza.EditPoemActivity$rhymeTask
com/example/stanza/FriendBoardFragment.java
 com.example.stanza.FriendBoardFragment
 com.example.stanza.FriendBoardFragment$1
 com.example.stanza.FriendBoardFragment$2
 com.example.stanza.FriendBoardFragment$3
 com.example.stanza.FriendBoardFragment$4
com/example/stanza/NotesProvider2.java
 com.example.stanza.NotesProvider2
com/example/stanza/DBOpenHelper.java
 com.example.stanza.DBOpenHelper
com/example/stanza/Account.java
 com.example.stanza.Account
com/example/stanza/CommThread.java
 com.example.stanza.CommThread
 com.example.stanza.CommThread$1
 com.example.stanza.CommThread$2
 com.example.stanza.CommThread$3
 com.example.stanza.CommThread$4
 com.example.stanza.CommThread$5
com/example/stanza/ManageFriendsActivity.java
 com.example.stanza.ManageFriendsActivity
 com.example.stanza.ManageFriendsActivity$1
 com.example.stanza.ManageFriendsActivity$2
 com.example.stanza.ManageFriendsActivity$3
 com.example.stanza.ManageFriendsActivity$4
 com.example.stanza.ManageFriendsActivity$5
 com.example.stanza.ManageFriendsActivity$6
com/example/stanza/ViewPoemActivity.java
 com.example.stanza.ViewPoemActivity
com/example/stanza/PoemRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.example.stanza.PoemRecyclerAdapter
 com.example.stanza.PoemRecyclerAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.example.stanza.PoemRecyclerAdapter$PoemViewHolder
 com.example.stanza.PoemRecyclerAdapter$PoemViewHolder$1
com/example/stanza/CommInterface.java
 com.example.stanza.CommInterface
com/example/stanza/ViewPageAdapter.java
 com.example.stanza.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/stanza/SignupActivity.java
 com.example.stanza.SignupActivity
 com.example.stanza.SignupActivity$1
 com.example.stanza.SignupActivity$2
com/example/stanza/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.stanza.LoginActivity
 com.example.stanza.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.stanza.LoginActivity$2
com/example/stanza/ItemTouchHelperCallback.java
 com.example.stanza.ItemTouchHelperCallback
